Update documentation about api keys (#2486)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/guides/advanced/api-keys/index.md

title: API Keys | Kuzzle Advanced | Guide | Core
meta:
  - name: description

>     content: Manage kuzzle API keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    content: Manage Kuzzle API keys
```

::: info
It is also possible to set a maximum validity period for an API key under the key `security.apiKey.maxTTL` in the Kuzzle configuration.
This limit will only apply to API key created with the `auth` controller.
Possible values:

- `<= -1`: disable the use of maxTTL

> - `>= 0`: enable maxTTL with setted value (`0` will invalid all your API keys at their creation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `>= 0`: enable maxTTL with a set value (`0` will immediately invalidate an API key when created)
```

  :::

It is also necessary to **provide a description** of the API key.

> **Example: _Create an API key for the user "ricky" and valid for 30 days_**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example: _Create an API key for the user "ricky", valid for 30 days_**
```

```bash
kourou api-key:create ricky --description "Cron API key" --expire "30d"
```

![api-key](../../../screenshots/api-key-create.png)

> Kourou returns a response containing the token authentication linked to the API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kourou returns the authentication token linked to the API key.
```

### API Key properties

::: warning

> The authentication token property will never be returned by Kuzzle again. If you lose it, you'll have to delete the API key and recreate a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The authentication token is only sent by Kuzzle **once**. If you lose it, you'll have to delete the API key and recreate a new one.
```

:::

| Property      | Description                                                                      |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `description` | Description                                                                      |

> | `expiresAt`   | expiration date in UNIX micro-timestamp format (`-1` if the token never expires) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `expiresAt`   | Expiration date in UNIX micro-timestamp format (`-1` if the token never expires) |
```

| `fingerprint` | SHA256 hash of the authentication token                                          |
| `token`       | Authentication token associated with this API key                                |
| `ttl`         | Original TTL                                                                     |
| `userId`      | User [kuid](/core/2/guides/main-concepts/authentication#kuzzle-user-identifier)  |

## Search for API Keys

It is possible to search in its own API keys ([auth:searchApiKeys](/core/2/api/controllers/auth/search-api-keys)) or in those of all users ([security:searchApiKeys](/core/2/api/controllers/security/search-api-keys)).

> In order to search an API key for a user, you can use kourou `api-key:search` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to search an API key of a user, you can use the Kourou `api-key:search` command.
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example: _Search every API keys of the user "ricky"_**
```bash
```

Once an API key is deleted, the **associated authentication token will be revoked** and cannot be used anymore.

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example: _Delete the API key with the ID `7ef0022d-a5e2-429b-ab8f-5b6065d345e7` of the user "ricky"_**
```bash
```

kourou api-key:delete ricky 7ef0022d-a5e2-429b-ab8f-5b6065d345e7
```

![api-key](../../../screenshots/api-key-delete.png)

## Check API Key

It is possible to check the validity of an API Key by running

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example: _Check the validity of the API key `kapikey-eyJ...2dos`_**
```bash
```
